Okay, so if we look at the solution,
we have input v model dot number,
remember number was one of
the modifiers we went over for
v model that converts strings to numbers.
So we can also say input type number
because that's valid HTML, right?
We're right writing semantic HTML.
We can also put this and
make sure that what we're getting that
the inputs that we're getting are numbers.
So we have the input,
which is now a number.
And then this one is also a number.
And really right now what we're
doing is outputting these two
in Mustache templates.
In the future, we're going to learn
about methods and compute it and
we're going to learn all
different ways of writing this.
That might be the way that you actually
write it in an application but
just to show that you can also evaluate
something that's super simple in
a Mustache template,
we are adding num one and num two.
Now, for
this other row, where we have this kind of
empty string where we said name, right?
We have a select with a v model of name so
we establish a relationship between
name and name,
we have our different options.
So we have carne asada, pollo, bean,
al pastor, and we have our select.
And we have that thing that was hard
coded before, of my favorite taco is.
But this time, we have v-f name.
So right now it's an empty string.
It won't evaluate to true.
It'll evaluate to false until
we select something, and
then it will be outputted to the page.
And in here, you might have guessed,
our Mustache templates have
to output that name as well.
And then we can say,
my favorite kind of taco is pollo.
So I'm gonna pause here for a second and
ask if there's any questions
that I can answer.
>> Just people saying they didn't figure
out how to use the dot number and
people saying they use
parse int in the matrix.
>> Yeah, you can absolutely use parse int.
I mean, this is a valid JavaScript,
also works.
That's totally fine.
The modifiers are helpful because
then you don't have to run around and
do all of these other things.
And so like part of the exercises just
getting used to using those modifiers.
But you should not feel ashamed or
silly for using JavaScript.
We will use view in
tandem with JavaScript.
It's offering an API to make some
things a little bit easier for that.
Great, is there anything else?
>> I have one question.
>> Sure.
>> When you added that v model dot number
equal to I had the same thing.
But do we need to specify type
equal to number as well and why?
>> You don't, however, there are times
that we are gonna specify a type.
And one of them is when we're using props.
So when we start to work
with different components,
what we'll do is, as we say what props are
being handed from component to component,
we will specify what
type that prop should be.
And so then we can say okay,
it is a number or a string or
maybe an array that has
both in case of both.
You can also use TypeScript with view.
Actually, in view three,
we rewrote the entire core, so
that it's all written in TypeScript now.
So if you've ever use view two before and
TypeScript worked, but
they were like little idiosyncrasies and
that made it a little bit harder.
Now view three works really beautifully
with TypeScript because the very base of
it is is written in TypeScript.
So view three is TypeScript compatible.
So if you wanna be working with types for
everything, you absolutely can.
Because of the scope of
the intro to view of
this course we're not gonna
go into all of TypeScript but
I will show you that prop validation
with types, great question.
>> Should you use lazy with select?
>> You could if you wanted to.
So basically v model dot lazy, I tend
to use that with things that are larger
amounts of data like text area is a really
good example or an input because really
the reason I'm using it is because there's
a lot of inputs that people are doing.
I don't want it to
evaluate all the time and
in fact most of the time that I'm using
dot lazy its with form validation.
I'll kind of mention here and then go
over in the other course on Friday when
we're building web apps with viewer and
live coding the whole thing.
I don't know if this is the T Rex
arm live coding [LAUGH]
where I'll go over how you can
use Vuelidate with validation.
I tend to use dot lazy when I want to
wait until the user's done typing,
to show them if there's an error.
Cuz otherwise it's kind of
annoying to fill out a form and
you can get that input all the time.
>> I have a question on keys.
>> Yeah.
>> So does a key need to be
unique to the entire dom?
>> Yes, so ideally the key is unique,
and sometimes people pass in the index,
if there's nothing that you know for
sure is unique.
But what I would suggest is that
you load a library like you UUID,
UUID is a library that
generates unique IDs.
And it's really easy to work with,
you import it from NPM and
then you call a function and
it will generate a unique ID for you.
So if you have a big list, let's say you
have a lot of data coming from a server or
let's say the data is slightly
different and it's going to a cart.
I would use you UUID in that case to make
sure that large amount of data like let's
say, you have a food app and there are two
restaurants in your area that are named
the same, like you have two Starbucks
in your area or something like that.
In that case, you can't rely on
the data to be exactly different.
You can't make sure that
your values are different.
So UUID can really help with
that key uniqueness and
again, that's something that
we'll go in into more depth
on in the Friday course of
building web apps with you.
>> So then a follow up question with that,
keys have to be numbers or strings.
You can't use like an object or
something as a key?
>> Exactly, you can use an object with
a key, it will yell at you [LAUGH].
Technically you can but
we will throw a warning that that's
just not what you would like.
You would like a string or a number.
>> Looks like somebody tried to use
a computed property or Daniel did,
are you getting into
that later in the day?
>> I am getting into it right after this
workshop or right after this section.
Sorry, [LAUGH] not after the workshop.
>> I tried to use a computed property,
but for some reason,
I can't get the syntax to work.
>> Yeah, we're gonna go over that next.
So we can totally go over all of the
pieces of the syntax that you might need
for this.